*PHONE MECHANIC*
During gameplay the player will regularly get phone calls of potential customers, or narc agents. To sell these customers dope the player
will have to pick up the phone. Not picking up the phone or leaving someone hanging in a call when deciding whether to sell for too long
will essentially make the player lose a customer, do this too often and the player will lose the game due to a lack of income.
Selling a narc agent dope will automatically result in a game over.

When the player picks up the phone the player will have the option to sell the person on the phone dope,
or tell them they have the wrong number to trick them into thinking the player doesn't sell anything.
The player has to decide whether or not to sell the person dope. They can get clues as to whether they are talking to a 
customer or a narc by carefully reading the dialog the person has.


*SMOKE MECHANIC*
During gameplay the player will be given the oportunity to take hits from a joint. This is optional and has (for now) no effect
on the winning conditions of the game.

Each time the player takes a hit it will give the player a points multiplier or bonus (and, if a timer mechanic gets implemented,
will slow down time) for a period of time. However, smoking will also have the side effect of making the phone dialog progressively
more difficult to read with each hit, by scrambling or blurring out some of the (key)words.
(if an actual conversation mechanic gets implemented, this mechanic might be integrated with that too)

There is a set amount of hits the player can take from said joint, once this number has been met the joint is no longer available
as well as the associated buffs/nerf with it.
(Optional mechanic of overdosing when hitting joint too many times in a short time span may be added)

Note: will need to decide on what actually to affect in the dialog:
1. affect key words in the dialog < will be more controlled could work in favour of player by revealing location of key words in dialog.
				    this will also require a list of keywords per dialog
2. affect random word in the dialog < more unpredictable, but might be more fun.


*TIMER MECHANIC*
The timer mechanic will be an optional mechanic which adds another layer of difficulty to the game.
With the timer mechanic the game will get a timer which will constantly count down, simulating the evening passing by.
It will also add another fail condition if the player does not manage to accumulate a set amount of money or finish his joint(optional)
by the end of the evening.